The last thing I’m going to
do is share 5 trends we’re observing
in Social Media Advertising.
The video is growing a lot.
Video is growing on the Internet.
Almost all the content that is consumed
today is audiovisual.
Proof of this are Instagram stories
or that all platforms
are developing new technology
to encourage the use of
video.
80% of marketers use video
in their campaigns.
Two of influencers.
Attracting traffic through
influencers is not the same
as making paid ads
on social media.
You should be aware that
there are many synergies.
Why is?
Because influencers are ultimately
their audiences within social
media.
Thus, these strategies
should be complementary.
Three, these platforms or these
channels are maturing in some cases.
What do I mean by this?
For a few years, there were
very few people who
used Facebook as a
advertising tool.
And what happened was that there
were companies that benefited from that.
They could then capture or generate
traffic at very low costs.
Hawkers, for example, was a very
pioneer in the use of Facebook.
Today, a large majority
of companies are using Facebook.
And this grows more every day.
I take Facebook as an example.
But in the end, the platforms work
like that.
This is supply and demand.
As new advertisers mature
or enter, in principle, the
costs will rise until
a time when they will
stabilize, balance
so that people will find
it profitable.
Four, the mobile is growing.
This is generally on the internet.
You simply have to take it into account.
If you have to think that a
growing percentage of the audience
you impact will see it on
the mobile.
So, well, because you may
have to adjust a little bit
the format, the type of video, etc.
Because consumption is not
exactly the same when you are on a
computer as when you are on your mobile.
The fifth point is called the algorithm.
What do I mean by this?
All platforms, but not only
in social networks, but Google,
which has been the great
pioneer, are concerned,
not concerned, but encourage
that you get good content,
quality, you like, etc.
And what is this due to?
This is due to saturation.
There are more and more advertisers,
more and more companies that want
to impact you.
And the social network, like Facebook,
what it wants is that you get quality
content, because that results
in the benefit of everyone.
So, these algorithms do what they
do is prioritize, prioritize
the best content, the best
companies, etc.
And in the end, how do they do it?
I will not go into this now, but
in different ways.
But if your ads, many people like,
well, because they will
be encouraged, will have lower
costs, etc.
And all the other way if a lot of
people, for example, tell you that they
spam and so on.
The issue, what we have to keep
in mind, is that algorithms
are increasingly weighing and
that the companies that we advertise
on social media, we have to
take this into account, because
there is a certain contingent,
you depend on the platform.
Therefore, the ideal thing
is to diversify as much as possible,
because if you depend on a platform
and that platform in one that is,
it is not that it penalizes you in
particular, but it changes the
rules, well, and your traffic
decreases a lot, because you can
have a problem.